Onfleet (#1194)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/integrations/builtin/app-nodes/n8n-nodes-base.onfleet.md

# Onfleet

> The Onfleet node allows you to automate work in Onfleet, and integrate Onfleet with other applications. n8n has built-in support for a wide range of Onfleet features, including creating and deleting admins on Onfleet as well as retrieving organizations' details. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Onfleet node allows you to automate work in Onfleet, and integrate Onfleet with other applications. n8n has built-in support for a wide range of Onfleet features, including creating and deleting tasks in Onfleet as well as retrieving organizations' details. 
```

On this page, you'll find a list of operations the Onfleet node supports and links to more resources.

!!! note "Credentials"

>     Refer to [Onfleet credentials](https://docs.n8n.io/integrations/builtin/credentials/onfleet/) for guidance on setting up authentication. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Refer to [Onfleet credentials](/integrations/builtin/credentials/onfleet/) for guidance on setting up authentication. 
```
